* Conflict with https://projectweek.na-mic.org/PW36_2022_Virtual/ - lighter attendance.
  * Lots of people from this http://www.miccai.org/ community

* Static DICOMweb integrations with OHIF, MONAI and others.

* Ping Steve and/or Erik to talk about "project week" and explore synergy with our meetings here.

* History of web-based DICOM web-viewer: Oviyam, Weasis and DICOM Web Viewer

* Converge with SIIM and CMIMI groups

* Talked about SIIM Hackathon, Hackathon Platform and Dataset. Expansion in Pathology is being currently worked on.

* Matt has an idea to host all open-source imaging datasets (https://radiopaedia.org/articles/imaging-data-sets-artificial-intelligence?lang=us) where you can preview samples of the data.

* David talked about Interactive Mutimedia Reporting whitepapre though SIIM-HIMMS joint working group. Also an upcoming IHE IMR profile. Tried to also tackle non-radiology domains. Pathology and Opthamology is both pretty big.

* Mohannad giving an educational talk on open-source at a SIIM webinar: https://siim.org/general/custom.asp?page=22w_ei_open_source 

* Discussion on Interactive Multimedia Reporting and the need for a working reference implementation or proof of concept. Perhaps feature this at the SIIM Hackathon?
  * Jason emphasized on building something re-usable rather than one-off
  * Chris likes how FHIR lead with implementations vs. just standard text.
  * Matt: RSNA is looking for workshop ideas

